Welcome back.
Let's try a few more commands and then explain to you what datatype we've just been working on.
So the first comment that we're going to add to our arsenal will be am set for multiple set.
So in here now I can add multiple things.
Let's say that I want a to be 2 and I want B to be 5 and I can keep attacking the month.
Now I can just say get a get me and I've set multiple items in the database.
I can also do multiple get and get both a and b just like that.
All right.
We just learned some basic rattus commands but you may have noticed something.
The only datatype that we've been really working on are strings.
Even if I set the number over here we see that it returns it as string.
And we just learned the first datatype that rattus handles and that is a simple string.
But there's actually a few more things that we can use and read is you see Berettas can handle five
datatypes or five major datatypes.
There's a few achcha others and things that they're adding on but the five main ones you're going to
use are strengths.
The next one is hashes Liszt's sets and sorted sets and we've just learned how to handle strings.
But we need to learn how to handle the other datatypes as well.
So let's cover those and the next upcoming videos I'll talk to you soon.
See in the next one by.